what's up guys it's globe here and today
I'm gonna be bringing you guys a brand
new ecology to ghost video today we're
going to be doing an attachment
comparison video I haven't done one of
these in a long time but if you guys
want me to do more of this be sure to
tell me down below in the comment
section your feedback is always greatly
appreciated and that would be amazing if
you could hit 20 to 35 likes on this
video this video did take quite a bit to
make and your guys support really does
mean a lot now to start off with with
the video we are going to be comparing
the flash suppressor with the silencer
or the suppressor however you want to
say it now in my opinion both these
attachments are quite underrated not the
silencer everyone uses the silencer but
the flash suppressor not much people
know about it but what the flash
suppressor actually does is that it's
pretty much the same as a silencer
except you will be on the mini-map and
basically both attachments just get rid
of the flash so you'll be able to see
your enemies more clearly and more
easier when you're in gunfights now to
start off with we went to a dark map or
I thought this was quite a dark spot
which was chasm this is a normal
Remington without flash suppressor and
as you can see there is quite unload of
flash so if you are shooting someone you
will be getting a lot of flash in your
face now this is the same Remington with
flash suppressor and as you can see it
is dramatically reduced in theaters
absolutely no flash except for a little
bit of flash but you will be able to
stay on your enemies more clearly now
these are both side by side comparison
on the right is flash suppressor and on
the left is the same Reming a normal
Remington with a red dot side and as you
can tell the one with the flash
suppressor is just much better now
moving over to the different ranges to
kill off the weapons this is flash
suppressor right here that was a 3 shot
kill at close range and this is the
silencer here as well that's a 3 shot
kill at close range as well now this is
flash suppressor at medium range this is
a 3 shot kill again and the silencer is
also a 3 shot kill again the silencer
actually quite surprised me with its
damage output and as you can see this is
long range in my opinion this is quite a
long range engagement but as you can see
this is also three shots to kill as well
as a silencer and what we have right now
is a long range or a very long range
combat and this took four shots to kill
with flash suppressor I did try it with
suppressor and the suppressor took five
bullets I didn't have it recorded but
trust me guys it did but moving over to
recap all of this for you guys if you
want to use flash suppressor I do
recommend it for people that are a
rushing place a few guys rush I do
recommend it because you'll be able to
see your enemies more clearly if you do
use a silencer I recommend using it for
a stealthy playstyle so if you're
playing search and destroy it or you
want to be off the mini-map altogether
so the flash suppressor is better at
long range engagements where as a
silencer you stay off the mini-map and
the flash suppressor takes less shots to
kill at different ranges whereas the
silence that you can attach it to almost
every gun and the flash suppressor you
are a visible on the map that's a bad
thing and with the silencer damage is
decreased which is also a bad thing so
if you're in long range engagements I'd
stay away from that if you are with a
silencer and both of them are on equal
terms because both of them are under
barrel attachments and both of them do
remove the flash so that's there you
guys can read it again if you want and
that's just a basic recap with both
those attachments so today that was the
video for today for ecology to go so I
was doing in touch when comparison
between the flash suppressor and the
silencer and if you have enjoyed be sure
to leave a like on this video hit the
subscribe button down below and also
tell me down below if I should keep
doing these videos most of your support
does mean a lot so that would be amazing
if you could hit 25 to 30 likes on this
video don't get me wrong both
attachments are really good but if you
want to use weapon or both these
attachments I would use it at different
playstyles so that's pretty much the
video to today be sure to hit the like
button below subscribe button below your
support is always greatly appreciated
and I'll see you guys later
glow bouts